and it came to pass after many days that
and it came to pass after many days that the word of the Lord came to Elijah in
the word of the Lord came to Elijah in
the word of the Lord came to Elijah in the third year go present yourself to
the third year go present yourself to
the third year go present yourself to Ahab and I will send rain on the earth
Ahab and I will send rain on the earth
Ahab and I will send rain on the earth so Elijah went to present himself to a
so Elijah went to present himself to a
so Elijah went to present himself to a hat and there was a severe famine in
hat and there was a severe famine in
hat and there was a severe famine in Samaria and a hab had called Obadiah who
Samaria and a hab had called Obadiah who
Samaria and a hab had called Obadiah who was in charge of his house now Obadiah
was in charge of his house now Obadiah
was in charge of his house now Obadiah feared the Lord greatly for so it was
feared the Lord greatly for so it was
feared the Lord greatly for so it was while Jezebel massacred the prophets of
while Jezebel massacred the prophets of
while Jezebel massacred the prophets of the Lord that Obadiah had taken 100
the Lord that Obadiah had taken 100
the Lord that Obadiah had taken 100 prophets and hidden them fifty to a cave
prophets and hidden them fifty to a cave
prophets and hidden them fifty to a cave and had fed them with bread and water
and had fed them with bread and water
and had fed them with bread and water and a hab had said to Obadiah go into
and a hab had said to Obadiah go into
and a hab had said to Obadiah go into the land to all the springs of water and
the land to all the springs of water and
the land to all the springs of water and to all the Brooks perhaps we may find
to all the Brooks perhaps we may find
to all the Brooks perhaps we may find grass to keep the horses and mules alive
grass to keep the horses and mules alive
grass to keep the horses and mules alive so that we will not have to kill any
so that we will not have to kill any
so that we will not have to kill any livestock so they divided the land
livestock so they divided the land
livestock so they divided the land between them to explore it a hab went
between them to explore it a hab went
between them to explore it a hab went one way by himself and Obadiah went
one way by himself and Obadiah went
one way by himself and Obadiah went another way by himself
another way by himself
another way by himself now as Obadiah was on his way suddenly
now as Obadiah was on his way suddenly
now as Obadiah was on his way suddenly Elijah met him and he recognized him and
Elijah met him and he recognized him and
Elijah met him and he recognized him and fell on his face is that you my Lord
fell on his face is that you my Lord
fell on his face is that you my Lord Elijah
Elijah
Elijah it is I go tell your master Elijah is
it is I go tell your master Elijah is
it is I go tell your master Elijah is here how have I sinned that you are
here how have I sinned that you are
here how have I sinned that you are delivering your servant into the hand of
delivering your servant into the hand of
delivering your servant into the hand of a have to kill me as the Lord your God
a have to kill me as the Lord your God
a have to kill me as the Lord your God lives there is no nation or Kingdom
lives there is no nation or Kingdom
lives there is no nation or Kingdom where my master has not sent someone to
where my master has not sent someone to
where my master has not sent someone to hunt for you and when they said he is
hunt for you and when they said he is
hunt for you and when they said he is not here he took an oath from the
not here he took an oath from the
not here he took an oath from the kingdom a nation that they could not
kingdom a nation that they could not
kingdom a nation that they could not find you and now you say go tell your
find you and now you say go tell your
find you and now you say go tell your master Elijah is here and it shall come
master Elijah is here and it shall come
master Elijah is here and it shall come to pass as soon as I am gone from you
to pass as soon as I am gone from you
to pass as soon as I am gone from you that the Spirit of the Lord will carry
that the Spirit of the Lord will carry
that the Spirit of the Lord will carry you to a place I do not know so when I
you to a place I do not know so when I
you to a place I do not know so when I go until they have and he cannot find
go until they have and he cannot find
go until they have and he cannot find you he will kill me
but I have servant had feared the Lord
but I have servant had feared the Lord from my youth was it not reported to my
from my youth was it not reported to my
from my youth was it not reported to my lord what I did when Jezebel killed the
lord what I did when Jezebel killed the
lord what I did when Jezebel killed the prophets of the Lord how I hid 100 men
prophets of the Lord how I hid 100 men
prophets of the Lord how I hid 100 men the Lord's prophets 52 became and fed
the Lord's prophets 52 became and fed
the Lord's prophets 52 became and fed them with bread water
and now you say go tell your master
and now you say go tell your master Elijah is here
Elijah is here
Elijah is here he would killed me as the Lord of Hosts
he would killed me as the Lord of Hosts
he would killed me as the Lord of Hosts lives before whom I stand I will surely
lives before whom I stand I will surely
lives before whom I stand I will surely present myself to him today so a bird I
present myself to him today so a bird I
present myself to him today so a bird I went to meet a hand and told him and a
went to meet a hand and told him and a
went to meet a hand and told him and a hab went to meet Elijah then it happened
hab went to meet Elijah then it happened
hab went to meet Elijah then it happened when Ahab saw a light that a HAP said to
when Ahab saw a light that a HAP said to
when Ahab saw a light that a HAP said to him is that you o troubler of Israel
him is that you o troubler of Israel
him is that you o troubler of Israel I have not troubled Israel but you and
I have not troubled Israel but you and
I have not troubled Israel but you and your father's house have and that you'll
your father's house have and that you'll
your father's house have and that you'll forsaken the commandments of the Lord
forsaken the commandments of the Lord
forsaken the commandments of the Lord and have followed the bales now
and have followed the bales now
and have followed the bales now therefore send and gather all Israel to
therefore send and gather all Israel to
therefore send and gather all Israel to me on Mount Carmel the 450 prophets of
me on Mount Carmel the 450 prophets of
me on Mount Carmel the 450 prophets of Bale and the four hundred prophets of
Bale and the four hundred prophets of
Bale and the four hundred prophets of Asherah who eat at Jezebel's table so
Asherah who eat at Jezebel's table so
Asherah who eat at Jezebel's table so Ahab sent for all the children of Israel
Ahab sent for all the children of Israel
Ahab sent for all the children of Israel and gathered the prophets together on
and gathered the prophets together on
and gathered the prophets together on Mount cup and Elijah came to all the
Mount cup and Elijah came to all the
Mount cup and Elijah came to all the people and said how long will you falter
people and said how long will you falter
people and said how long will you falter between two opinions if the Lord is God
between two opinions if the Lord is God
between two opinions if the Lord is God follow him but if Bale follow him but
follow him but if Bale follow him but
follow him but if Bale follow him but the people answered him not a word I
the people answered him not a word I
the people answered him not a word I alone and left a prophet of the Lord
alone and left a prophet of the Lord
alone and left a prophet of the Lord but bales profits are 450 men and
but bales profits are 450 men and
but bales profits are 450 men and therefore let them give us two bulls and
therefore let them give us two bulls and
therefore let them give us two bulls and let them choose one bull for themselves
let them choose one bull for themselves
let them choose one bull for themselves cut it in pieces and lay it on the wood
cut it in pieces and lay it on the wood
cut it in pieces and lay it on the wood but to put no fire under it and I will
but to put no fire under it and I will
but to put no fire under it and I will prepare the other Pole and lay it on the
prepare the other Pole and lay it on the
prepare the other Pole and lay it on the wood but put no fire under it then you
wood but put no fire under it then you
wood but put no fire under it then you call in the name of your gods and I will
call in the name of your gods and I will
call in the name of your gods and I will call in the name of the Lord and the God
call in the name of the Lord and the God
call in the name of the Lord and the God who answers by fire He is God it is well
who answers by fire He is God it is well
who answers by fire He is God it is well spoken our Elijah said to the prophets
spoken our Elijah said to the prophets
spoken our Elijah said to the prophets of bail choose one ball for yourselves
of bail choose one ball for yourselves
of bail choose one ball for yourselves and prepared first for you are many
and prepared first for you are many
and prepared first for you are many and call in the name of your God but put
and call in the name of your God but put
and call in the name of your God but put no fire under it so they took the bull
no fire under it so they took the bull
no fire under it so they took the bull which was given them and they prepared
which was given them and they prepared
which was given them and they prepared it and called on the name of bail from
it and called on the name of bail from
it and called on the name of bail from morning even to noon
morning even to noon
morning even to noon Oh bail hear us but there was no voice
Oh bail hear us but there was no voice
Oh bail hear us but there was no voice no one answered
no one answered
no one answered then they leaked about the altar which
then they leaked about the altar which
then they leaked about the altar which they had made and so it was at noon that
they had made and so it was at noon that
they had made and so it was at noon that Elijah mocked them cry aloud for he is a
Elijah mocked them cry aloud for he is a
Elijah mocked them cry aloud for he is a God either he is meditating or he is
God either he is meditating or he is
God either he is meditating or he is busy or he is on a journey or perhaps he
busy or he is on a journey or perhaps he
busy or he is on a journey or perhaps he is sleeping and must be awakened so they
is sleeping and must be awakened so they
is sleeping and must be awakened so they cried aloud and cut themselves as was
cried aloud and cut themselves as was
cried aloud and cut themselves as was their custom with knives and Lance's
their custom with knives and Lance's
their custom with knives and Lance's until the blood gushed out on them and
until the blood gushed out on them and
until the blood gushed out on them and when midday was passed they prophesied
when midday was passed they prophesied
when midday was passed they prophesied until the time of the offering of the
until the time of the offering of the
until the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice but there was no voice
evening sacrifice but there was no voice
evening sacrifice but there was no voice no one answered no one paid attention
no one answered no one paid attention
no one answered no one paid attention then Elijah said to all the people come
then Elijah said to all the people come
then Elijah said to all the people come near to me so all the people came near
near to me so all the people came near
near to me so all the people came near to him
to him
to him and he repaired the altar of the Lord
and he repaired the altar of the Lord
and he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken down and Elijah took 12
that was broken down and Elijah took 12
that was broken down and Elijah took 12 stones according to the number of the
stones according to the number of the
stones according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob to whom the
tribes of the sons of Jacob to whom the
tribes of the sons of Jacob to whom the word of the Lord had come saying Israel
word of the Lord had come saying Israel
word of the Lord had come saying Israel shall be your name and with the stones
shall be your name and with the stones
shall be your name and with the stones he built an altar in the name of the
he built an altar in the name of the
he built an altar in the name of the Lord and he made a trench around the
Lord and he made a trench around the
Lord and he made a trench around the altar large enough to hold two seers of
altar large enough to hold two seers of
altar large enough to hold two seers of see and he put the wood in order cut the
see and he put the wood in order cut the
see and he put the wood in order cut the bull in pieces and laid it on the wood
bull in pieces and laid it on the wood
bull in pieces and laid it on the wood and said fill for water wise with water
and said fill for water wise with water
and said fill for water wise with water and poured on the bird sacrifice and on
and poured on the bird sacrifice and on
and poured on the bird sacrifice and on the wood
do it a second time and they did it a
do it a second time and they did it a second time do it a third time and they
second time do it a third time and they
second time do it a third time and they did it a third time so the water ran all
did it a third time so the water ran all
did it a third time so the water ran all around the altar and he also filled the
around the altar and he also filled the
around the altar and he also filled the trench with water and it came to pass at
trench with water and it came to pass at
trench with water and it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening
the time of the offering of the evening
the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that Elisha the prophet came
sacrifice that Elisha the prophet came
sacrifice that Elisha the prophet came near
near
near Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel let
Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel let
Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel let it be known this day that you are God in
it be known this day that you are God in
it be known this day that you are God in Israel and I am your servant and that I
Israel and I am your servant and that I
Israel and I am your servant and that I have done all these things at your word
have done all these things at your word
have done all these things at your word hear me o Lord hear me that this people
hear me o Lord hear me that this people
hear me o Lord hear me that this people may know that you are the Lord God and
may know that you are the Lord God and
may know that you are the Lord God and that you have turned their hearts back
that you have turned their hearts back
that you have turned their hearts back to you again then the fire of the Lord
to you again then the fire of the Lord
to you again then the fire of the Lord fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice
fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice
fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice and the wood and the stones of the dust
and the wood and the stones of the dust
and the wood and the stones of the dust and it licked up the water that was in
and it licked up the water that was in
and it licked up the water that was in the trench when all the people saw it
the trench when all the people saw it
the trench when all the people saw it they fell on their faces seized the
they fell on their faces seized the
they fell on their faces seized the prophets of bale do not let one of them
prophets of bale do not let one of them
prophets of bale do not let one of them escape so they seized them and Elisha
escape so they seized them and Elisha
escape so they seized them and Elisha brought them down to the brook Kishon
brought them down to the brook Kishon
brought them down to the brook Kishon and executed them there
then Elijah said to Ahab go up eat a
then Elijah said to Ahab go up eat a drink
drink
drink but there is the sound of abundance of
but there is the sound of abundance of
but there is the sound of abundance of rain so Ahab went up to eat and drink
rain so Ahab went up to eat and drink
rain so Ahab went up to eat and drink and Elijah went up to the top of comedy
and Elijah went up to the top of comedy
and Elijah went up to the top of comedy and he bowed down on the ground and put
and he bowed down on the ground and put
and he bowed down on the ground and put his face between his knees and said to
his face between his knees and said to
his face between his knees and said to his servant go up now look toward to see
his servant go up now look toward to see
his servant go up now look toward to see so he went up and looked there is
so he went up and looked there is
so he went up and looked there is nothing and seven times he said go again
nothing and seven times he said go again
nothing and seven times he said go again then it came to pass the seventh time
then it came to pass the seventh time
then it came to pass the seventh time that he said
that he said
that he said there is a cloud as small as a man's
there is a cloud as small as a man's
there is a cloud as small as a man's hand rising out of the sea go up say to
hand rising out of the sea go up say to
hand rising out of the sea go up say to a heaven prepare your chariots and go
a heaven prepare your chariots and go
a heaven prepare your chariots and go down before the rain stops Hill now it
down before the rain stops Hill now it
down before the rain stops Hill now it happened in the mean time that the sky
happened in the mean time that the sky
happened in the mean time that the sky became black with clouds and wind and
became black with clouds and wind and
became black with clouds and wind and there was a heavy rain
so Ahab rode away and went to Jezreel
so Ahab rode away and went to Jezreel then the hand of the Lord came upon
then the hand of the Lord came upon
then the hand of the Lord came upon Elijah and he girded up his loins and
Elijah and he girded up his loins and
Elijah and he girded up his loins and ran ahead of Ahab to the entrance of
ran ahead of Ahab to the entrance of
ran ahead of Ahab to the entrance of Jesu